The best way to teach is to praise positive actions and ignore negative ones.

Write a response in which you discuss the extent to which you agree or disagree with the
statement and explain your reasoning for the position you take. In developing and
supporting your position, you should consider ways in which the statement might or
might not hold true and explain how these considerations shape your position.

- Positive actions
	- 
- Negative actions
	- Cheating, disruptive behavior

Pros
- Positive praise builds self-confidence
	- Research indicates motivation is based on self-efficacy (believe in one's own abilities)
		- Positive reinforcement can strengthen self-efficacy, which encourages further learning and productivity
- Praise builds interest in subject
	- Interest is one of biggest hurdles to overcome for young students
Cons
- Correcting negative actions and misunderstandings is necessary to improve
	- Misunderstanding can undermine future learning from the student.
	- Knowledge is built upon itself — If a student has a shaky foundation, they will struggle with future material 
	- **Ex.** Student who has a shaky in their understanding of derivates and integrals from calculus cannot be taught multivariate calculus without first correcting their misunderstandings. 
- Mission critical tasks
	- Some tasks you cannot fail at, therefore any errors must be corrected while you are learning and not on the job
- People aren't motivated by praise, but rather clear feedback and an easy pathway to improve
	- Receiving an pop quiz on a topic that was not covered in class is not useful to furthering your knowledge
	- Instead, periodic assignments that score on knowledge covered in class

Learning is a universal activity, with participants ranging from toddlers taking their first steps to college students studying for the GRE. People learn to acquire knowledge and skills, therefore the goal of teaching is to help learners acquire this knowledge as quickly as possible. The prompt argues that the best educational method is to solely praise positive behavior while ignoring negative ones. This approach can be detrimental to students' learning, and in reality, education requires a balanced approach that's tailored to the needs of the student.

An major obstacle to learning is understanding your knowledge and mistakes. If a student goes through an entire class without solving any problems, doing assignments or taking exams, they would not know if they've actually retained all the information that was taught. But by completing  exams and problem sets, a learner can use the scores they received to diagnose areas in need of improvement. Fixing mistakes early is also crucial to preparing students for more advanced subjects, since knowledge in a field builds upon itself. Consider a series of mathematic courses taught at an average college campus: The lowest-level course is Algebra, which teaches students variables, functions, graphs, and systems of equations. The next course is Calculus, which discusses the rate of change of functions, the area under curves on a graph, and differentiation. From Calculus comes multivariate-calculus, which extends the concepts of derivatives and integrals from Calculus to multi-variate functions. Within each course, a student is expected to have retained the knowledge learned from their previous courses. Not understanding how variables and functions work automatically precludes a student from learning calculus and multivariate-calculus. Therefore it's critical to catch these errors early so a student has a strong foundation to continue studying more advanced subjects in the future.

Some negative behaviors may be disruptive to other students and requires correction. If a group of students are loudly chatting in the lecture hall, it hurts their neighbors' ability to concentrate on the lecture content. If the professor followed the prompt's laissez-faire advice, the disruptive environment may push students to stop attending in favor of self-studying the material. These students now lose out on the opportunity to ask questions to the professor and clarify misunderstandings. If students are caught cheating