People should undertake risky action only after they have carefully considered its
consequences.

Write a response in which you discuss the extent to which you agree or disagree with the
recommendation and explain your reasoning for the position you take. In developing
and supporting your position, describe specific circumstances in which adopting the
recommendation would or would not be advantageous and explain how these examples
shape your position.

Ideas
- Pros
	- Life-changing decisions require careful deliberation
		- **Ex.** Going to college, moving to a country, getting married
		- Not easily undone
	- Accounts for all stakeholders
		- Businesses often only consider the stockholders and consumers, but they should also consider their employees and the communities they're located in
		- **Ex.** Oil company 
- Cons
	- Some actions have time pressure
		- **Ex.** Manager pressured to release a product prematurely for results by end of the financial quarter in time for earnings report
		- Depends on risk appetite 
	- Can waste time deliberating
		- **Ex.** Japanese companies tend to require consensus of all parties before moving forward with decision
		- Consider expanding chain of fast food restaurants to new region
		- Slow bureaucracy can marr decision-making speed and competitors can beat the firm to the market
- Neutral
	- Depends on person's risk appetite
		- Scales with age, since you have time to recover as a young adult compared to when you're older
		- **Ex.** You can spend some savings money to make a startup as a 20-30 year old, but it's no longer fiscally responsible as a 60 year old who's in retirement age
	- Should not sacrifice risk of others

Life changing decisions are not easily undone. The prompt argues that people should take risky actions only after careful deliberation. While I mostly agree with this perspective, I specifically believe that a moderate amount of careful planning is required before taking risky actions, to minimize future regret and account for needs of all stakeholders.

The primary reason to take time to plan out the consequences of an action is if you cannot reverse it. Life changing decisions such as going to college, moving to another country, or getting married can take require anywhere from a few years to few decades of investment. But spending too much time deliberating could mean never taking the action at all as you're stuck researching the ins and outs of a decision. Therefore, the amount of time a person spends planning should scale with the expected risk or impact of the action, in order to minimize overthinking and decision-paralysis.

For example, 