In any field of inquiry, the beginner is more likely than the expert to make
important contributions.

Write a response in which you discuss the extent to which you agree or disagree with the
statement and explain your reasoning for the position you take. In developing and
supporting your position, you should consider ways in which the statement might or
might not hold true and explain how these considerations shape your position.

- Inventors
	- Tesla
	- Edison
	- Elon musk

Pros
- Beginners aren't influenced by existing trends in the field
	- Can develop new techniques 
	- **Ex.** 

John Snow
Physician in 19th century London

Linus Torvalds
- Build open source Linux operating systems as a 21 year old college student

John Snow
- Physician in 19th century London
- Addressing a cholera outbreak in London
- Prevailing miasma theory believed the disease spread through air
- Correctly identified the contaminated water pump as the cause for the spread of the disease

Breakthrough in mRNA vaccine
?
- Katalin Karikó and Drew Weissman
	- Discovered a breakthrough that made mRNA vaccines possible
	- DNA is broken into mRNA, which is a blueprint used for protein production
		- mRNA from outside the body normally causes an immune response
	- Pair discovered that modifying a specific nucleosides of the mRNA could hide it from the immune system
	- Required deep knowledge of what worked

- Beginners can maintain interest and push development in stagnant fields
	- **Ex.** Neural networks, which are the backbone of modern day AI, were invented back in the 1900s. Yet it didn't become mainstream until the a decade ago because experts were skeptical of its performance. The small but steady stream of PhD students who maintained a strong interest in the field of neural networks that helped it stay a float. Ultimately, these small labs develop the tooling for their algorithms to leverage the increased compute power of the GPU, and laid the groundwork for widespread use.
- Experts have more experience in the field
	- Experience helps inform expert what avenues of contribution are feasible
	- Experiences helps experts piece tools together to create new contributions

Innovation comes from unexpected places. Perhaps no one is more apt for the task than a startup founder or a newly minted PhD student. The prompt argues that across fields, beginners are more likely than experts to make important contributions. I somewhat agree, and I argue both beginners and experts are crucial helping a field innovate: Beginners bring a fresh perspective and maintain interest in stagnant fields, while experts leverage technical prowess to identify areas of improvement. 

Newcomers to a field are not beholden to industry norms and can tackle problems in new ways. When Elon Musk first launched SpaceX, he approached a Russian spacecraft manufacturer to purchase traditional rockets to make modifications to. This company rejected the deal, because the industry had discounted Musk as naive and inexperienced. Not swayed by strong industry headwinds, he took a different approach to building rockets, by designing them in a cheap, fast, and iterative method that allowed the nascent company to quickly build experience in manufacturing and launching spacecraft. His push for completely re-usable rockets would also lower costs over the traditional rockets that disposed of million dollar boosters into the ocean on every flight. Fast forward almost two decades later, SpaceX is now the primary contractor for NASA space missions because his innovative strategies pushed down the per-pound cost of launching objects into space. In another example, Uber, the ride-sharing company overthrew the traditional taxi business model by allowing anyone with a vehicle to earn money by transporting people. The founders discovered a demand for transportations in suburban areas and cities where local governments simply did not have the resources to fund a local taxi network. The founders of Uber were not held back by the prevailing industry beliefs of what constitutes a valid business model, and have now expanded across the United States and to international markets like Hong Kong and Europe.

Beginners can also maintain interest in stagnant fields. Neural networks, which are the backbone of modern day AI, were invented back in the 1900s. Yet it didn't become mainstream until the a decade ago because experts were skeptical of its performance. The small but steady stream of PhD students who maintained an interest in the field of neural networks helped it stay a float. Ultimately, these small labs develop the tooling for their algorithms to leverage the increased compute power of the GPU, and laid the groundwork for it's current widespread use.

However, some contributions are only possible by longstanding experts in the field. One of the major advancements neural networks and machine learning are transformers. Traditional neural network designs struggled with retaining long-term memory of past events, meaning they suffered in time or positional-dependent tasks such as generating natural language. However the new neural network architecture added an "attention" mechanism which lets the model compare data across every previous datapoint to make a more informed decision. This contribution was from a lab at Google DeepMind, who are longstanding experts in the field of machine learning. Their other contributions include building a AlphaGo, a model that beat the world champion of Go, and AlphaFold, a protein-folding neural network that now helps pharmaceutical companies develop novel live-saving drugs.

Beginners bring unique backgrounds and fresh motivation to tackle long-standing problems, while experts leverage their deep technical knowledge to identify new areas of improvement. A beginner in any industry will eventually become an expert, and a steady stream of both are required to advance any field or industry forward.

50 minutes