In any situation, progress requires discussion among people who have contrasting
points of view.

Write a response in which you discuss the extent to which you agree or disagree with the
statement and explain your reasoning for the position you take. In developing and
supporting your position, you should consider ways in which the statement might or
might not hold true and explain how these considerations shape your position.

Pros
- Linux
	- Microsoft initially against, but then turned around and began funding them
- Martin Luther King
	- Peacefully protested and openly discussed his values of equality with others
- Discussion with contrasting views helps people build holistic opinion
	- **Ex.** News coverage can be polarizing and biased, which covers up downsides
	- Important to understand concerns for all stakeholders
	- **Ex.** Consider the issue of law enforcement in the United States. Conservatives have concerns about the rise in crime and homelessness in cities and want increased police presence to protect citizens and crackdown on lawlessness. Liberals are concerned about the police abusing their power against the poor and that solely funding the police is a band-aid fix to a much deeper problem. They believe that preventative measures like having social workers and programs that help the poor climb out of poverty. On the far right there are calls to militarize the police, while on the far left there are calls to defund the police. However, there can be a middle ground where police are funded alongside programs.  
	- **Ex.** Chemical manufacturer establishing a factory in a town must address the environmental concerns of local residents while balancing profits 
- Discussion can sometimes yield new unexpected outcomes
	- **Ex.** Two opposing views can help point toward an integrative solutions can yield better outcomes for both parties
Cons
- Extreme points of view cannot be reconciled
	- **Ex.** Terrorist organization seeking to harm civilians cannot be reconcile
	- Issue with today's political partisanship.

The prompt argues that progress requires discussion among people with contrasting points of view. I mostly agree, and I argue that bi-partisan discussions can help build a more holistic opinion and reveal new unexpected solutions. However, there's a limit to compromising when it comes to extremist views.

Inter-group discussions can help individuals build a more nuanced understanding and opinion. Media polarization is at an all time high as social media recommendation algorithms continue to reinforce echo-chambers and as news channels continue tailoring their news toward the political leaning of their primary audience for financial gain. In this environment, a person who consumes only one source of media no longer receives the entire truth about the topic. For example, consider the issue of law enforcement in the United States. Conservatives have concerns about the rise in crime and homelessness in cities and want increased police presence to protect citizens and crackdown on lawlessness. Liberals are concerned about the police abusing their power against the poor and that solely funding the police is a band-aid fix to a much deeper problem. They believe that preventative measures like having social workers and programs that help people climb out of poverty, which indirectly reduces crime. On the far right there are calls to militarize the police, while on the far left there are calls to defund the police. However, there can be a middle ground where law enforcement are funded alongside social programs.

Finally, extremist views cannot be compromised

